kic: add update guide for gateway API 1.2 (#8297)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/upgrade/kic.md

{% if_version gte:3.2.x %}

### Update Gateway API 

> #### Update Gateway API from v1.0 to v1.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### From v1.0 to v1.1
```

{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}

### Update Gateway API from v1.1 to v1.2

Starting from version 3.4, {{ site.kic_product_name }} supports Gateway API version 1.2.

> There is a breaking change in gateway API 1.2 to remove the `v1alpha2` version of `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could suggest something like:

```
kubectl get GRPCRoute,ReferenceGrant --all-namespaces -o jsonpath='{.items[*].apiVersion}' | tr ' ' '\n' | sort | uniq -c
```

And show an invalid output?

Author: Added a script to check existing resources.

If you have been using gateway API v1.1 and {{ site.kic_product_name }} 3.2 and above, and there are no `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant` resources stored in `v1alpha2` version, you can directly upgrade gateway API from v1.1 to v1.2.

> If the conditions to directly update gateway API to v1.2 is not satisfied, you can upgrade gateway API and {{ site.kic_product_name }} by the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, upgrade by following these steps:
```

Author: done.

> 1. If you have installed gateway API 1.0, upgrade it to 1.1 by the steps in the section above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you are using Gateway API 1.1 (you can upgrade by following the steps in the section above).
```

Author: done.

> 2. Upgrade your {{ site.kic_product_name }} to 3.2 if the version is below 3.2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Ensure your are {{ site.kic_product_name }} version 3.2.
```

Author: Done.

> 3. Update all your manifests to use `v1` instead of `v1alpha2` for `GRPCRoute` and `v1beta1` instead of `v1alpha2` for `ReferenceGrant`. You can follow the [upgrade guide][gateway-api-v12-upgrade-notes] to ensure the `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant` are all updated to the latest storage version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Update all your `GRPCRoute` manifests to use `v1` instead of `v1alpha2` and your `ReferenceGrant` manifests to use `v1beta1` instead of `v1alpha2`. This can be done by following the [upgrade guide from Gateway API][gateway-api-v12-upgrade-notes].
```

Author: Done.

{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}

> ### Update Gateway API from v1.1 to v1.2

Reviewer: Can we reorganize this into nested sections? So that we have 1 `### Upgrade Gateway API` section and then 2 below for each upgrade path

- 1.0 -> 1.1
- 1.1 -> 1.2

WDYT?

Author: reorganized the part.

Starting from version 3.4, {{ site.kic_product_name }} supports Gateway API version 1.2.
There is a breaking change in gateway API 1.2 to remove the `v1alpha2` version of `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant`.

If you have been using gateway API v1.1 and {{ site.kic_product_name }} 3.2 and above, and there are no `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant` resources stored in `v1alpha2` version, you can directly upgrade gateway API from v1.1 to v1.2. 
You can use the following script to ensure your `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant` CRDs are not using `v1alpha2` storage version:

```bash
kubectl get grpcroutes -A -o jsonpath='{.items[*].apiVersion}' | tr ' ' '\n' | sort | uniq -c
kubectl get referencegrants -A -o jsonpath='{.items[*].apiVersion}' | tr ' ' '\n' | sort | uniq -c
```

> If any of the output contains `v1alpha2`, it means that there are `GRPCRoute` or `ReferenceGrant` (or both) using `v1alpha2` storage version and you need to update the manifests before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the output contains resources in `v1alpha2` version, it means that there are `GRPCRoute` or `ReferenceGrant` (or both) using `v1alpha2` storage version and you need to update the manifests before upgrading.
```

Author: The script will only output and collect the API version of resources so the result of the script would be:
```
    10 gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
      2 gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2
```
So I think I would keep the current words.

{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}

> #### Update Gateway API from v1.1 to v1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### From v1.1 to v1.2
```

Starting from version 3.4, {{ site.kic_product_name }} supports Gateway API version 1.2.
There is a breaking change in gateway API 1.2 to remove the `v1alpha2` version of `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant`.

If you have been using gateway API v1.1 and {{ site.kic_product_name }} 3.2 and above, and there are no `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant` resources stored in `v1alpha2` version, you can directly upgrade gateway API from v1.1 to v1.2. 
You can use the following script to ensure your `GRPCRoute` and `ReferenceGrant` CRDs are not using `v1alpha2` storage version:

```bash
kubectl get grpcroutes -A -o jsonpath='{.items[*].apiVersion}' | tr ' ' '\n' | sort | uniq -c
kubectl get referencegrants -A -o jsonpath='{.items[*].apiVersion}' | tr ' ' '\n' | sort | uniq -c
```

> If any of the output contains `v1alpha2`, it means that there are `GRPCRoute` or `ReferenceGrant` (or both) using `v1alpha2` storage version and you need to update the manifests before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the output contains `v1alpha2`, it means that there are `GRPCRoute`s or `ReferenceGrant`s (or both) using `v1alpha2` storage version and you need to update the manifests before upgrading.
```

> Otherwise, upgrade gateway API and {{ site.kic_product_name }} following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, upgrade Gateway API and {{ site.kic_product_name }} following these steps:
```
